In a blink of a second I was hitting a rock
bottom between the Pearl of the river and an ocean. 
I was like, has it been this wonderful what could 
I have been missing out on? From my head to 
toes a chilling showering effect billeted me.
I was overwhelmed. Chunks of noises could be heard
nearby. I knew why polar bears have a lot of fur. 
Remember I am a critical thinker, not all come 
with cognitive ease. Remember the time we were with
 the... we will come to that later
A sensation of happiness struck me when I saw many of my prayers being answered. There is a friend of mine who said, “this has not only been a want but a necessity”. This expression came to life when I started out wholly. Remember the time we used to be in the sea saw this as an expression of wonders around the world. I only focused on two to three tasks in my life. Adulthood is a lot now. I have some twenty tasks to complete in a time and lots of responsibilities bewildering me.
They have always asked why you talk about yourself. When you focus your energy to people this is by being selfless towards the opportunities that come hand in hand. Talk about what concerns people and even go down to talk in their language for a saying “people trust you in their language”. This works a lot in controlling what people view you. Even if it is three sentences they will give their acceptance.
Build yourself. Be a masonry in your life block by block add something every day but wait if you can manage the 1% rule do it. The one percent rule is very hard specifically if you are having multiple responsibilities in a day. Here is an analogy: day one you will do 1% then day two you have to add another percentage and practice and work on the percentage of the previous day. This compounding is very hard and needs to be looked upon. For the recommendation that the best of the best can give you is to take a specific part, let's say running 20 meters and repeat it many times until you feel this is the best I can do.
A spark of joy lifted up my spirit. I knew this job would get it and if I did not get it I would use it to connect to a higher ranking role, at least not for this company. Apologetic to me standing there…
updating the text